Generic socket CAN support (#12779)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: samples/net/sockets/raw/README.rst

.. _raw-socket-sample:

Raw socket sample
#################

Overview
********

> This sample is a simple RAW socket application showing usage of

Reviewer: Ethernet is a registered trademark so it's always capitalized.

Let's change this paragraph to fix grammar and spelling:
```
This sample is a simple application showing usage of
raw sockets over Ethernet.  This sample prints every Ethernet
packet received and sent over the wire. The Zephyr
network subsystem does not touch any of the headers (e.g., L2, L3). 
```

raw socket over ethernet. Sample prints every packet which
etherent receives and sends every packet over the wire. Zephyr
network subsystem does not touch any of the headers(L2, L3 and
so on).

Building and Running
********************

When the application runs, it opens a raw socket and prints

> the length of packet it receives. And sends dummy packet over

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the length of each packet it receives. It also sends a dummy packet over
```

> the wire at a rate every 5 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the wire every 5 seconds.
```

> See the `net-tools`_ project for more details.

Reviewer: more details of what?  raw sockets?
